## Reflection

I am most confident in creating the database for this project, specifically  using Cloud SQL to manage participant enrollment and medication adherence. We had exposure to this during an earlier assignment and I learned how to better manage this through configuration issues. While Cloud SQL provides scalability,  I do believe that using a self managed system is easier. In Cloud SQL I had issues with assigning user rights and permissions. This would be important to test out before giving access to a real research team. It will require trial and error before it is put into production mode. 

I feel least confident in creating the Flask code. It is easy to use the system itself via GCP but writing the code can be tedious. This is time consuming and requires attention to detail. 

An alternative architecture I considered using is REDCap as the primary data collection tool since this is most commonly used in research settings. I would download the raw data as a csv file and then upload this to a SQL database. This would allow for easier data entry and present the data in a cleaner way. We could color code adherence status through SQL queries. To test this out I could use Faker in VS code to create test data that could be uploaded to SQL. Even though this would be cost effective I did not choose this way since this requires manual data uploads and does not provide real time data updates on participant compliance which renders it unuseful. 

If I had an additional 4-8 more weeks and unlimited resources, I would create an app.py file and use the Flask app to allow multiple users (members of  study team), automate data validation and create real time dashboards that provide us with participant updates. I would also deploy the system to test it out and see if it works well with increased usage. Lastly, I would increase security services such as encryption, access control, and firewalls to help protect data and our application as this is crucial in a real-world research environment. 